streamlit==1.37.0
firebase-admin==6.2.0
pandas==2.0.3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
pytz==2023.3
anyio>=4.4.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
certifi>=2024.7.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
cryptography>=43.0.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
idna>=3.7 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
ipython>=8.10.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jinja2>=3.1.5 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jupyter-server>=2.14.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
nltk>=3.8.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
numpy>=1.22.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pillow>=10.3.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pyarrow>=14.0.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pycryptodome>=3.19.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pymysql>=1.1.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
python-jwt>=3.3.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
requests>=2.32.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
setuptools>=70.0.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
tornado>=6.4.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
tqdm>=4.66.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
validators>=0.21.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
werkzeug>=3.0.6 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
yt-dlp>=2024.7.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
zipp>=3.19.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
